Use the type field to determine if ingest is collection or item (#492)
stac-utils/stac-server: CHANGELOG.md

### Changed

- Remove node streams-based ingest code to prepare for post-ingest notifications

> - Use the type field to determin if ingest is collection or item

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use the `type` field to determine if ingest is a Collection or Item
```
